BARATH
User can interact with menus that allow them to change game settings, see credits, choose the dificulty level, and play the game.

TIGER
Game can access configuration information and stored data from database.

JONATHAN
User sees beautiful map with 10 regions, each region can be highlighted.
	
SPENCER
User can see sprites following paths across canvas.  


		//Perido of half hours
		//21 is unknown
Priority	Story Point	Validation							Stories
5		2		user sees resolution change					As a gamer, I want to be able to change the resolution of the game.			
5		21		User has different experiecne at different diff			As a gamer, I want to be able to change the difficulty of the game.
5		3		User has different experiecne at with different prod		As a gamer, I want to be able to select different products for the the game.
2		2		Game Pauses							As a gamer, I want to be able to pause the game on click or when i open a menu.
3		3		Game Changes speed						As a gamer, I want to be able to change the speed of the game.
1		1		Game starts at the center of screen				As a gamer, I want the software to load to the center of my screen.
3		8		Setting menu has effect on game					As a gamer, I want to be able to change the setting before starting the game.// Continuation of others
1		8		Game changes on color						As a gamer, I want the graphics to change when I hover over the country.
5		21		Viewer is taught the game prior to starting			As a gamer, I want to see a demo before playing the game.
1		13		Viewer see change on click.					As a gamer, I want to be able to click on the map, and see the effects of my click.
1		3		No next turn clicks need					As a gamer, I want the game to conitnue without me having to click next turn.
1		21		User can change company stats, User inteface with game		As a gamer, I want to be able to upgrade my product, marketing and logistics.
5		5		Sprites move accros globe, simulating shipping.			As a gamer, I want to see my product being shipped accross the globe.
4		8		Randomness occurs throught the game, varaiblility in math	As a gamer, I want the game to have some randomness, so I cant play the same game twice.
1		3		Stats are displayed on map.					As a gamer, I want to see my stats without having to enter a seprate menu.
5		21		Game changes take affect.					As a gamer, I want to be able to change my game settings mid game.
5		5		Name is ued throughout game.					As a gamer, I want to be able to name my product, and see it used in the game.


				
		
